go
everybody this is loafie shooting on
location at coping with headquarters I
wanted to let you know that I am now
available on the open market for
employment as my recent employer was
making me absolutely miserable how are
they making me miserable you ask well
let me show you exactly what I had to
wear in order to live in the conditions
that are necessary to do my job
it's sexy be sexy work it work it
sexy be sexy
twerk it
work it work it work it twerk it twerk
it sexy be sexy Oh sexy be sexy ah
that's enough that's very silly
so as you can see the conditions in
which I was working were a pretty lame
negative 42 degrees graveyard condition
oh just getting out of this suit is
amazing so one will let you guys know
that definitely on the open market and I
will be teaching juggling classes but
you'll see a video for that very soon so
just a little heads up a little update I
hope you guys understand unemployed but
won't be sick thanks for joining me
sexy be sexy working works work is